And a teacher can think of love bully
Such
Bought without a heavy cavalry I mean
is that saying indelible aqu
The 19th sg author cup of the boat race full double of these days of summer climax today
It is the same for big fan players not to lose heat
That's why we keep fans and players in mind
Who is the 19th king Omigawa who heats the tropical night more
It is a 12-day championship match
Can you make the big chance that I got into the boat suddenly?
Yoshida Hiroo No. 2 boat sg will be part of the first in seven years
Or become the first sg with sg youth of 35 Day this year second time Hamanotani rights
Whether a Grand Slam of reach in Hideki Tokumasu so Deo's first v
Ikeda Koji No. 5 boat s
g Let's join or come back in part after 5 years and 5 months
One shot from any chance outside grabbed at moved up No. 6 boat sickle cell Kauri horse Se di
6 people is a symptom Kesen permutation championship game more
Cross water also it has become a frame Nari system without
I will focus on the in-course and I will come to Yoshida Hiroo , with the course that comes with Shibata perfume.
Four corners Ikeda 5-course Shinichi Tanaka Akira Rokko number of male
Kiryu wins sg for 6 consecutive years
Slow 3 boat bus calculation 9 entry 3 to 3
It is the 19th It is recording from 1st 2nd 3rd 4th 5th from the win of the Ocean Cup
Start the victory match Kos some Asumi , but solo favor is high school timing momentary
Defeat
My Magumani 50 Welcome to the in-successful experience 150 of kinda go is 9 out of the 6 hands
In excitement
Sudden kids back and inset alternation Yoshitaka and sg invention of the panoramic view decided by turns
If it is a fan in the election alone , the battle is the 6th store 2nd boat is the direction point from the approach situation side the 2nd boat 1st and 2nd
Turning the corner with someone after that is up to the west end Gotsu
If the winner sensor was normal and it was meeher, it was combined with water liquor and it was big now take 2nd worth
A box to see if there will also be
Well flow of blanket flowing to our shop Substitution top have city Futatsumata third registered a large number of winter is one step predominant
Racer rushes into the second week
My brother is an excellent part and a weapon. On the rim of the first boat , Bant is 25 points ahead and the expected third personality is ahead
Also there is a body
After 253 Lee of the Swordsman the process is replaced by Tsu I think trace as a square
The battle is sweeping low brain women's third place flower burn of the second boat today The third place is the process introduction of forward progress
I will attack the weekend like US with the body right of Joy Taisuke No. 1 and 2
Public information is 5th to 40th .
And in response to the top of the front of the florist's version 0 configuration lightest No. goodness of battle No. 1 boat Te black 1
Candidate number 5 4 No. 3 No. 5 No. 3 episode 4 also have less will continue to take the final lap from this
Combat want good 150 was but N also struggling class Sensokode
Bant is a hamlet of Revote in 3 repair village thousand times not to have a panoramic view
The bant that I was allowed to become is Rokko they now is
The victory pole position had a big pressure immediately before
But you buy a sg first beige splash the pressure
Pooh is the first to win the 28th victory sg
Marugame in the first Ocean occurrence faction also as a winning method and Okayama force of the eye Kai said that the second time
Say
In the second bag entitled Strait Achievement Gen Body Fat
Early third 04 generation of power tinkering braze women hoax of synthesis under'm hot water plant hot spring watering place of golf excitement is black
Sport entrance hokkori
After about selling Gori cheek Well rice 4 Vincent of anxiety from time Haburia 3 of the inn Futaba to Olympics